[Intro]
[What inspired you to pursue graphic design?]
Well I've always really liked to create things and I loved creating with a purpose.
I have been doing art since I was a very young child. In high school I took integrated arts,
I was at Merivale High School with Irving Osterer and it really drove me in the direction of graphic design,
and I continued taking his courses throughout high school until I graduated and decided to go into graphic design.
[What is your unique selling point as a designer?]
My unique selling point as a designer would be that I'm always adapting and designing to create business solutions and solve problems.
I also really like to do work with sustainability in mind, so thats another big part of what I do.
[What is your favourite colour? Pantone or hex?]
My Favourite colour  would either be yellow, something like an RGB 252, 207, 67 or a sage green like 168, 176, 115 I think.
[What other passions and hobbies do you have aside from graphic design?]
Other than graphic design I am passionate about hockey I really like playing that, I've been playing since I was 4, I think.
I like casual video games, not really first person shooter or but you know like sandbox style games and just games with one goal.
And I also like baking and cake decorating um, part time while I'm doing school I'm baking and decorating at a grocery store,
so I'm up early in the mornings often.
[What is your favourite Adobe application to work with?]
My favourite Adobe application has got to be illustrator
just because I'm the most familiar with it and thats what I was using way before I started college.
I also just really like the way all the tools work and I'm really familiar with the workspace and I find that its my most efficient way to work.
[Outro]